what's up y'all it's brandy and I'm
coming back on to do part 3 of my
healthy hair series so if you guys miss
part 1 and 2 then click here for either
of the links that i will have located on
this side so you guys can catch up but
today's part 3 is going to be about my
favorite leave-in conditioners and also
discussing the importance of leave-in
conditioners to your hair's health so if
you're interested in finding out with
some of my favorite leave-in
conditioners are and why they're so
important then please keep watching
first we're going to start by discussing
the importance of leaving conditioners
leave-in conditioners are super super
important because essentially they're
the first product to touch your hair
after you shampooed deep conditioned
user rents out conditioner or whatever
it may be and it's also the product that
stays on your hair for the longest
period of time it's the first that
touches your strands after rinsing
everything out and starting fresh and as
I said it's one product that stays in
your hair the lungs so we're leaving
conditioner you want to make sure that
it's something super super moisturizing
and something that's going to give you
long-lasting moisture also all of the
leave-in conditioners that I'm going to
discuss with you today do just that they
give super long-lasting moisture or a
lot of ladies the leaving conditioner is
just the first step and they go on to
apply oils also stylers and other things
of that nature so for me I sometimes
actually style with leave-in
conditioners when that's the only thing
that I put in my hair aside from maybe a
little bit of all or some aloe vera
juice so getting into the products the
first is one of my tried and true I've
talked about this product on so many
videos on my channel and you probably
already know what it is and the product
is the kinky curly not today this stuff
is amazing
only a leave-in conditioner but it's
also a detangler so it can do double
duty for you I only use it as a leave-in
conditioner the ingredients in here are
bomb like they are awesome many of them
are organic and it's also not that many
ingredients in this product and that's
what I do love about a lot of products
when you it's very very simplistic and
you know you can pronounce all the
ingredients in it so that's just
something that I I love to look for when
I go out and try new products the smell
of this is I really can't even describe
the smell to you guys but it's something
very very light i love about this is
that it really really smooth my hair it
gives me like i said the long-lasting
moisture that I look for in leaving
conditioners and it's super light that's
the thing about it you would think that
a product that's this light would just
not do much for your hair at all but it
packs a powerful powerful punch and I
really really love that about this
leave-in conditioner that I am in love
with that I found recently is the as I
am leave in conditioner now I've tried
tons of products from this line and most
of them have been awesome for me I have
done a review on this so if you want a
more in-depth review of this product
that you can definitely check out that
landings and this are also rather
simplistic it's a few more but for the
most part they're all really really
great ingredients this also has a light
fragrance and it's also a light
consistency somewhat similar to the
kinky curly not today which is why I
actually think I love this so much is
because of that fact it gives you tons
and tons of moisture it smooths your
strands it also allows you to detangle
your hair and it's something that washes
out really really easily both of these
products are curly girl friendly they
don't have any types of silicones in
them or anything like that so if you're
one of those ladies who is on the curly
girl method then these are perfect for
you and the last leave in is the coconut
shea from the Eden Body Works line and
it's there
even conditioner it's a bit thicker
consistency than the other two leave ins
and the smell of this does linger a lot
more than they do it smells coconutty it
also does not have like any silicone
sulfate or parabens mineral oils none of
those things so it's curly girl friendly
see this one was cheaper out of the
three lievens that I've discussed
overall and I really really love it like
either of these three leave ends I will
throw in my bag if I'm traveling or
going somewhere but these are the three
that I definitely use the most like I
can't even tell you any other leaving
conditioners that I've used in the past
like six months so if you guys have any
suggestions of some favourite leavins
that you've been loving recently then
definitely shoot them down in the
comment section below and share them
with all of us stay tuned for part four
of this series I have any questions
about the products that I've mentioned
or anything at all then definitely shoot
it in the comments section below that's
it guys until next time I'll see you
guys later